hello guys and welcome back to this
new video and can't believe it
I'm really recording it but today I am
I do the death of my covers for
iphone 5 because now I finally have it
grouped a little bit you don't
he did not for nothing but because you
you know that I am not buying so many
cover more than anything else they are given to me
or they are not the ordinino the city
but once in a while it's not who I am
one of those fixed also because not
already many do not do much with others
things though I've been looking for lately
group a little because I know you
really like this kind of video
and nothing, today I feel a bit like each other
barbie and the magic of you gas because it has us
given inside of fuchsia with makeup and ho
said okay let's put a little pink too
for the lips
I'm about to go out with were told
eleonora and giorgia and nothing now me
sbrigo because otherwise I arrive in
delay therefore amorim and assessors
if they arrived late this is the fault
of this video then I would say of
let me show you first of all
a cover I'm very fond of
two reasons one because it was me
donated by my prison and two
because as you can see it shows a
new york this cover is awesome it has it
she also likes me
really so much you know that the new
york type my second more therefore
I'm really glad to have this
cover I like a lot I think it is
like the second one because I used it more
in this period because the first one that
you all know very well by now
this is it here now don't mind that it is
dirty with red because they have to finish
I have to remove the glaze and unfortunately
I forgot before going in
which to register so I'm sorry
this cover as you can see the
figure mail but the guy who looks like a
pig in this way for fault
however it is a beautiful cover put
it seems delicate to me for the second
anniversary or stop for Valentine's Day
I still remember for an occasion
special so and it's a beautiful gift
I appreciated this cover a lot
kind for a whole year he got it
on the phone in fact if you see all the
my example in the mirror this year
cover it here and I love it
made to a photographer
if you are from roma viale libia towards the
mac becomes Libya if you are in the area
then another cover and this is what
I put it up today it's this one I have
taken on the site new prog
and it is a lot a lot beautiful there is written
keep calm and carry on and off the flag
of England anyway this
you have already seen in one of the last
video all
then I have this cover here with the
bunny that you may remember
from the other video that broke me though
I put this thing in here
alice tension of wonders why
I think there was too good where you are
you will ask who they are this way
I practice long ago from the open pd now
wait until i look for good things from
cap I saw a cover that I liked
a mess
then I clicked on the instagram profile
of this cover called at random there is not
however put explaining right to
cannes and today however I discovered that it was there
a site that basically printed all of them
own photographs
you can choose or the photos 2 you send to
site they make you cover or those
pre set and then you buy one
very simple transparent cover and there
put in and practice with you
only one cous cous todina change cover
and every time it is I have taken all this
cent is called centers like james kaye
on such a thing if I can
remember me or whatever I find it from
purchases I made with the postpay e
I'll let you know
anyway I got the whole set with the
disney princesses given fashions you know
I am my great love and I took it
obviously the net series that you had
seen on instagram of my favorite
then there is cinderella obviously alice in the
snow white wonderland this
will certainly like therefore to that of
snow-white
hello but then jasmine bel pocahontas e
finally the sleeping beauty in the woods
savers are really cool and there
they are also for other phones indeed
even small companies or some
that you forgot you have to take the cover
transparent indeed a bit of a disaster
now we should buy it
we are waiting for some money
to spend so I take others that
they are too beautiful then I have this cover
here always of new prog made so all
morbidina with the golden side and also
I used this frequently
lately then then these are a
nice bag and I really like them
both and another cover of the cd another
ew.com site also these here then
those dino own I have been
sent those of the princesses I have them
buy with my money this is here
that have been sent and there are this
cover coa carinissima white with the
very Hawaiian orange and small hole
these are wonderful that they are
more than coverciano 2 bumpers with the
star this next seed up
instagram you have already seen
I'm a bit scared to use these because
actually they protect little but they are
very very beautiful therefore when I know that
I don't have to do much things
handled the use and
wonderful with all the little stars they do
a wonderful effect on the phone and
nothing these seem to me to be all
comets I bought from the last video that
I did on the covers that I recommend
if you missed it go see it
because I show you a lot there
you find it journal info box and therefore
no girls see you next time
video I send you a big kiss and do me
know days comments all the videos that
you want me to do it because I told you
in this 2015 like this video that me
had been super requested I will try to
answer all your requests
just give me some time I know that
you for a tour is waiting by a
lot but I don't know if you can see the
disaster behind me
and until I find the strength
interior to fix not me
it looks nice to do virus like that anyway
just bye beauties